fix(protocol-designer): add release notes to PD 8.5.1 (#19220)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: protocol-designer/release-notes.md

---

## Opentrons Protocol Designer Changes in 8.5.1

**Welcome to Protocol Designer 8.5.1!**

> This release fixes a bug where the incorrect tiprack was being assigned to the custom liquid class properties.

Reviewer: The incorrect tiprack wasn't just assigned to the liquid class properties. The user also noted that we were picking up the tip from the wrong tiprack altogether.

Author: >The user also noted that we were picking up the tip from the wrong tiprack altogether.

oooh! didn't realize that, thanks!

> This release fixes a bug where the incorrect tiprack was being assigned to the custom liquid class properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This hotfix release addresses a bug that caused the incorrect tiprack to be assigned to liquid transfers. 
```

Reviewer 2: Keepin' it simple. If it's not this simple, I can add more.

Author: thanks! this happens to only some liquid transfers - is it ok to keep the verbiage that way?

Reviewer 2: could do "to be assigned to some liquid transfers" then, I think that's fine

> This hotfix release addresses a bug that caused the incorrect tiprack to be assigned to some liquid transfers.

Reviewer 3: i will die on this hill 😆 
```suggestion
This hotfix release addresses a bug that caused the incorrect tip rack to be assigned to some liquid transfers.
```
